.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

### Issue description
<!--- use our forum https://forums.pmmp.io for questions -->
<!--- Any issues requesting updates to new versions of MCPE will be treated as spam. We do not need issues to tell us that there is a new version available. -->
<!--- 
Write a short description about the issue

If you are reporting a regression or unexpected behaviour, please include the below information:
Expected result: What were you expecting to happen?
Actual result: What actually happened?
-->

### Steps to reproduce the issue
<!--- help us find the problem by adding steps to reproduce the issue -->
1. ...
2. ...

### OS and versions
<!--- use the 'version' command in PocketMine-MP
NOTE: LATEST is not a valid version. 
PocketMine version should include Jenkins build number and/or git commit hash.
ALSO NOTE: NO support whatsoever will be provided for forks or spoons of PocketMine. Issues relating to non-official distributions will be closed as spam. Please send such issues to whoever is responsible for the fork or spoon you are using.
-->
* PocketMine-MP:
* PHP:
* Server OS:
* Game version: PE/Win10 (delete as appropriate)

### Plugins
- Test on a clean server without plugins: is the issue reproducible without any plugins loaded?

If the issue is **not** reproducible without plugins:
- Have you asked for help on our forums before creating an issue?
- Can you provide sample, *minimal* reproducing code for the issue? If so, paste it in the bottom section
- Paste your list of plugins here (use the 'plugins' command in PocketMine-MP)

### Crashdump, backtrace or other files
<!--- please use gist or anything else and add links here -->
* ...

Commit message:

Drop support for 32 bit systems/PHP (#984)
* Cutting out 32-bit and minor improvements to bootstrap

* Byeeeeee

* Removing legacy code

* added note to the issue template
as suggested by @xxFlare

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

### Issue description
<!--- use our forum https://forums.pmmp.io for questions -->
<!--- Any issues requesting updates to new versions of MCPE will be treated as spam. We do not need issues to tell us that there is a new version available. -->
<!--- 
Write a short description about the issue

If you are reporting a regression or unexpected behaviour, please include the below information:
Expected result: What were you expecting to happen?
Actual result: What actually happened?
-->

### Steps to reproduce the issue
<!--- help us find the problem by adding steps to reproduce the issue -->
1. ...
2. ...

### OS and versions
<!--- use the 'version' command in PocketMine-MP

NOTE: LATEST is not a valid version. PocketMine version should include Jenkins build number and/or git commit hash.

NO support whatsoever will be provided for forks or spoons of PocketMine. Issues relating to non-official distributions will be closed as spam. Please send such issues to whoever is responsible for the fork or spoon you are using.

Note that 32-bit platforms are no longer supported by PocketMine-MP and issues concerning 32-bit platforms will be closed.
-->
* PocketMine-MP:
* PHP:
* Server OS:
* Game version: PE/Win10 (delete as appropriate)

### Plugins
- Test on a clean server without plugins: is the issue reproducible without any plugins loaded?

If the issue is **not** reproducible without plugins:
- Have you asked for help on our forums before creating an issue?
- Can you provide sample, *minimal* reproducing code for the issue? If so, paste it in the bottom section
- Paste your list of plugins here (use the 'plugins' command in PocketMine-MP)

### Crashdump, backtrace or other files
<!--- please use gist or anything else and add links here -->
* ...
