README.md, before:

![ClearSky](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky/blob/master/images/CSbanner.png)
__A highly customizable, open source server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition written in PHP__

# ClearSky - A fast Minecraft PE server software based on [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)
ClearSky is a fast Minecraft: Pocket Edition server software, finally back as a real FORK of [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)
## Why ClearSky?
#### Because our awesome, highly skilled Team is mostly focusing on making the server behave like singleplayer, whilest having high performant and clean code.
- It has most of the blocks, items and entities that pmmp doesn't have yet. See [Issue #2](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine-MP/issues/2) for further information.
- The projects we sometimes clone code from are [Genisys](https://github.com/iTXTech/Genisys), [Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) and [IM](https://github.com/ImagicalCorp/ImagicalMine) (last one is dead). Everytime we take code from other projects we reference the commit in the commit title or description! We may also just cherry-pick the commit.

### Remember: The mcpe-1.0 branch is still in development and has constant changes. cs-1.0 is our branch, features will be added there.

**TravisCI Build Status** [![TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky "TravisCI Build Status")
**CircleCI Build Status** [![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky.svg?style=shield&branch=master)](https://circleci.com/gh/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky "CircleCI Build Status")

### Setup, help & support, FAQs
Head over to the [documentation site](http://pmmp.readthedocs.org/).
If you don't find what you're looking for there, [talk to a human](#discussion). Please do not use our issue tracker for support requests.

### Discussion
 - Here is our Telegram group, where you can communicate with us: [Telegram/ClearSky](https://telegram.me/joinchat/AlErxD3AN_GOgeSAcS0twA).
 - Here is our Telegram plugin group, where you can talk about plugin development: [Telegram/PMPlugins](https://t.me/pmplugins)

### Plugins
There are a very wide range of already-written plugins available which you can use to customise your server. Check out the [old plugin repository](http://plugins.pocketmine.net/), [Poggit](https://poggit.pmmp.io) or just search GitHub.

### For developers
 * [Latest API documentation](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/job/PocketMine-MP%20Docs/doxygen/) - Doxygen documentation generated from development
 * [DevTools](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-DevTools/) - A development tools plugin for creating plugins.

### Can I contribute?
Yes, you can! Contributions are welcomed provided that they comply with our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please ensure you read the relevant sections of the guidelines carefully before making a Pull Request or opening an Issue.

### Where can I get the latest .phar?
 - Currently, you can't. We are working on adding it back though.
 - You can get the latest auto build phar here: [CSPhar](http://robskebueba.no-ip.biz/CSPhar.php) or [CSPhar by Dan](http://wolvesfortress.de/phar/CSPhar/CSPhar.php) (beta)
 - You can get an optimized PHP environment here: [SalmonGER/PHPbinary](https://github.com/SalmonGER/PocketMine-MP-Binarys).
 - You can get a Multicraft config demo here: [ClearSkyTeam/MulticraftConfig](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/MulticraftConfig).

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP SQLite3](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sqlite3.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__

## Licensing information

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[pmmp/PocketMine](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP) and [ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine-MP) are not affiliated with Mojang. All brands and trademarks belong to their respective owners. PocketMine-MP is not a Mojang-approved software, nor is it associated with Mojang.

Commit message:

Windows install information Add Raklib + SPL Link

README.md, after:

![ClearSky](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky/blob/master/images/CSbanner.png)
__A highly customizable, open source server software for Minecraft: Pocket Edition written in PHP__

# ClearSky - A fast Minecraft PE server software based on [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)
ClearSky is a fast Minecraft: Pocket Edition server software, finally back as a real FORK of [PocketMine-MP](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP)
## Why ClearSky?
#### Because our awesome, highly skilled Team is mostly focusing on making the server behave like singleplayer, whilest having high performant and clean code.
- It has most of the blocks, items and entities that pmmp doesn't have yet. See [Issue #2](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine-MP/issues/2) for further information.
- The projects we sometimes clone code from are [Genisys](https://github.com/iTXTech/Genisys), [Nukkit](https://github.com/Nukkit/Nukkit) and [IM](https://github.com/ImagicalCorp/ImagicalMine) (last one is dead). Everytime we take code from other projects we reference the commit in the commit title or description! We may also just cherry-pick the commit.

### Remember: The mcpe-1.0 branch is still in development and has constant changes. cs-1.0 is our branch, features will be added there.

**TravisCI Build Status** [![TravisCI](https://travis-ci.org/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky "TravisCI Build Status")
**CircleCI Build Status** [![Build Status](https://circleci.com/gh/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky.svg?style=shield&branch=master)](https://circleci.com/gh/ClearSkyTeam/ClearSky "CircleCI Build Status")

### Setup, help & support, FAQs
Head over to the [documentation site](http://pmmp.readthedocs.org/).
If you don't find what you're looking for there, [talk to a human](#discussion). Please do not use our issue tracker for support requests.
####If you are a Windows user and use "download zip", don't forget:
***Raklib: https://github.com/PocketMine/RakLib***

***SPL: https://github.com/PocketMine/PocketMine-SPL***

### Discussion
 - Here is our Telegram group, where you can communicate with us: [Telegram/ClearSky](https://telegram.me/joinchat/AlErxD3AN_GOgeSAcS0twA).
 - Here is our Telegram plugin group, where you can talk about plugin development: [Telegram/PMPlugins](https://t.me/pmplugins)

### Plugins
There are a very wide range of already-written plugins available which you can use to customise your server. Check out the [old plugin repository](http://plugins.pocketmine.net/), [Poggit](https://poggit.pmmp.io) or just search GitHub.

### For developers
 * [Latest API documentation](https://jenkins.pmmp.io/job/PocketMine-MP%20Docs/doxygen/) - Doxygen documentation generated from development
 * [DevTools](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-DevTools/) - A development tools plugin for creating plugins.

### Can I contribute?
Yes, you can! Contributions are welcomed provided that they comply with our [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md). Please ensure you read the relevant sections of the guidelines carefully before making a Pull Request or opening an Issue.

### Where can I get the latest .phar?
 - Currently, you can't. We are working on adding it back though.
 - You can get the latest auto build phar here: [CSPhar](http://robskebueba.no-ip.biz/CSPhar.php) or [CSPhar by Dan](http://wolvesfortress.de/phar/CSPhar/CSPhar.php) (beta)
 - You can get an optimized PHP environment here: [SalmonGER/PHPbinary](https://github.com/SalmonGER/PocketMine-MP-Binarys).
 - You can get a Multicraft config demo here: [ClearSkyTeam/MulticraftConfig](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/MulticraftConfig).

## Third-party Libraries/Protocols Used
* __[PHP Sockets](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sockets.php)__
* __[PHP mbstring](http://php.net/manual/en/book.mbstring.php)__
* __[PHP SQLite3](http://php.net/manual/en/book.sqlite3.php)__
* __[PHP BCMath](http://php.net/manual/en/book.bc.php)__
* __[PHP pthreads](http://pthreads.org/)__ by _[krakjoe](https://github.com/krakjoe)_: Threading for PHP - Share Nothing, Do Everything.
* __[PHP YAML](https://code.google.com/p/php-yaml/)__ by _Bryan Davis_: The Yaml PHP Extension provides a wrapper to the LibYAML library.
* __[LibYAML](http://pyyaml.org/wiki/LibYAML)__ by _Kirill Simonov_: A YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C.
* __[cURL](http://curl.haxx.se/)__: cURL is a command line tool for transferring data with URL syntax
* __[Zlib](http://www.zlib.net/)__: A Massively Spiffy Yet Delicately Unobtrusive Compression Library
* __[Source RCON Protocol](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_RCON_Protocol)__
* __[UT3 Query Protocol](http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/UT3_query_protocol)__

## Licensing information

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[pmmp/PocketMine](https://github.com/pmmp/PocketMine-MP) and [ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine](https://github.com/ClearSkyTeam/PocketMine-MP) are not affiliated with Mojang. All brands and trademarks belong to their respective owners. PocketMine-MP is not a Mojang-approved software, nor is it associated with Mojang.
